Artificial-Intelligent-Poker-game
=================================

You will create a variable number of PokerAgent's with memory (up to ten), and a PokerMaster function.  You will have to decide which mechanism to use to create PokerAgent's. The following rules will be used for betting: (i) there are no blinds, (ii) to keep playing after each round the players (PokerAgent's) place one chip.  There are two ways for a player (PokerAgent) to win: (i) all other players have folded (win by default), (ii) after the last  round one of the remaining players has the best hand (showdown). The player who is left with 3 or fewer chips loses by default and stops playing.   PokerMaster is the main function that takes three arguments: 	    - N: # of PokerAgent's,  	    - M: # of playing chips per PokerAgent, 	    - K: # of games to play/simulate. PokerMaster will create/initialize N poker agents with M chips each. It will run simulations and create reports of  results. In each game it will call the Dealer function and distribute cards to the PokerAgent's still playing: (i) two hole  cards to each player in the 1st round, (ii) 3 communal cards in the 2nd, (iii) 1 communal card in the 3rd, (iv) 1 communal card in the 4th round. After each round it will collect chips from the PokerAgent's still in the game  and count out those that have folded. As the game is played the PokerMaster determines if any player has won  by default (i.e. all other players folded) and it also decides the winner at the end of each game. The winner is given the  chips in the betting pile.  PokerAgent's maintain their score, i.e. current cards and chips count.  PokerAgent's should determine whether to keep playing (i.e. keep betting) or fold based on the quality of the hand  they hold (see Hwk #4). Whenever they decide to keep playing they should place a chip to a betting pile (PokerMaster maintains it). When they fold or the game ends they should submit their cards to the PokerMaster who will determine  the winner.  You can write as many helper functions, including all necessary reporting functions, as you wish. You can use any mechanism you wish to implement PokerAgent's, but they must include all requirements  mentioned above. [You can use advanced Lisp mechanisms to implement your agents or you can create 10  different agent functions.] You will test your function sufficiently, i.e. you will run multiple poker tournaments  by your PokerMaster and PokerAgent's.   In addition, we will post detailed testing requirements, including rules and requirements for a poker  tournament in which your program (PokerAgent will play).  